NMS-14619: Quick Start: Determine service availability (#5350)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/glossary.adoc

https://docs.opennms.com/alec/latest/[Architecture for Learning Enabled Correlation (ALEC)]:: An OpenNMS framework that uses artificial intelligence and machine learning to provide alarm triage.

> ALEC groups related alarms so you can better manage the more complex situations they might represent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ALEC groups related alarms so you can better manage the more complex situations that they might represent.
```

> xref:operation:deep-dive/service-assurance/application-perspective-monitoring/introduction.adoc[Application Perspective Monitoring (APM)]:: A method that uses the Minion infrastructure to monitor a service’s availability from different perspectives to help identify if nodes are down for everyone or if an outage affects only certain sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:operation:deep-dive/service-assurance/application-perspective-monitoring/introduction.adoc[Application Perspective Monitoring (APM)]:: A method that uses the Minion infrastructure to monitor a service’s availability from different perspectives.
It helps to identify if nodes are down for everyone, or if an outage affects only certain sites.
```

> When a service is not responsive an outage will be generated with the corresponding perspective that sees the outage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a service is not responsive, an outage will be generated using the perspective that detects the outage.
```
